We came to support
the preaching campaign in Bolivia.
We live far away from here.
We come from Brazil.
Do you want to know why we came here?
This is my dad, my mom, and me.
My wife and I try to encourage Lívia
to have spiritual goals.
Many other brothers also came,
like Henrique and Cynthia,
who have been in Bethel for almost ten years.
What motivated me
to come to the campaign was the opportunity
to enhance my preaching skills
and the quality of my ministry.
My name is Thainá.
I’m 22 years old.
I really want to be a pioneer
—to be in full-time service—
but because of my circumstances,
I haven’t been able to start yet.
But I wanted to be here
because I knew that for these ten days,
I’d be living the life of full-time service.
Acts 16:9 says:
“Step over into Macedonia and help us.”
That really applies to Bolivia.
In this case, it’s,
‘Step over into Bolivia and help us.’
It’s a very productive ministry with people
who need Jehovah
and who are willing to learn about him.
I am a very anxious and insecure person.
I really, really wanted to come,
but there was a point when I got really anxious
about how it would be here.
And there was that insecurity,
you know, about being in another place
with a different language.
No, we didn’t have much money at all.
We had to make some adjustments.
We had to plan our budget very carefully.
My mom was going to have surgery,
and it was going to be on the day
that we were coming here.
We prayed to Jehovah
and left the matter in his hands.
We decided to trust in him.
And in the end,
Mom’s surgery was postponed.
We had the opportunity
to meet many brothers and sisters.
Every day someone invited us
to come to have some coffee or lunch.
Some don’t have much.
But the little that they have, they offer
with such love, and it’s so good to feel this.
‘Jehovah is so good,’
as Psalm 34:8 says.
Jehovah has given us the privilege
of being used by him to contact these people.
The campaign helped me
to improve my preaching skills.
With Jehovah’s help,
I had some great conversations.
This campaign has been good for us
in so many ways. . .
. . . new culture, new friends,
feeling the warmth, the love of all the brothers.
The campaign has had
a real impact on our daughter.
During our conversations,
we can see that her desire
to set spiritual goals has increased.
I wanted to stay longer here in Bolivia.
If I could, I’d stay here much longer
because ten days was really short—too short.
The campaign is motivating me a lot
to start full-time service,
to continue pursuing my goals.
It’s helped me to develop some qualities,
such as controlling my anxiety, my insecurities,
and trusting more in Jehovah.
When I look back on this campaign,
I know I’m going to miss it a lot
—the feeling of being
a “mini missionary” for ten days.
We are taking to Brazil a wonderful experience
—beyond what we imagined
when we made the decision to come here.
I would like to tell my parents
that I am very grateful
for being able to come here.